parameter,model,label
THETA1,CL/F (L/h) ~ theta_1 * (WT/70)^theta_4  * e^eta_1  * cov,apparent clearance
THETA2,V_c /F (L) ~ theta_2 * (WT/70)^theta_5  * e^eta_2  * cov,apparent central volume of distribution
THETA3,K_a (h^-1 ) ~ theta_3 * e^eta_3,absorption rate constant
THETA4,WT_CL/F ~ theta_4,weight effect on clearance
THETA5,WT_V_c /F ~ theta_5,weight effect on volume
THETA6,Q/F (L/h) ~ theta_6 * (WT/70)^theta_4,intercompartmental clearance
THETA7,V_p /F (L) ~ theta_7 * (WT/70)^theta_5,peripheral volume of distribution
THETA8,Lag (h) ~ theta_8,absorption lag time
THETA9,AGE_CL/F ~ (AGE/53)^theta_9,cov. age on clearance
THETA10,BILI_CL/F ~ (BILI/10)^theta_{10},cov. total bilirubin on clearance
THETA11,ALT_CL/F ~ (log(ALT)/3)^theta_{11},cov. ALT on clearance
THETA12,TRAS_CL/F ~ {theta_12}^{TRAS},cov. concomitant trastuzumab on clearance
THETA13,CAPE_CL/F ~ {theta_13}^{CAPE},cov. concomitant capecitabine on clearance
THETA14,AGE_V_c ~ (AGE/53)^theta_{14},cov. age on central volume
THETA15,KETO_CL/F ~ {theta_13}^{KETO},cov. concomitant ketoconazole on clearance
THETA16,AGE_K_a  ~ (AGE/53)^theta_{16},cov. age on absorption rate constant
OMEGA1.1,IIV_CL/F ~ Omega_1.1,interindividual variability of clearance
OMEGA2.1,cov_CL * V_c ~ Omega_2.1,interindividual clearance-volume covariance
OMEGA2.2,IIV_V_c /F ~ Omega_2.2,interindividual variability of central volume
OMEGA3.1,cov_CL * K_a ~ Omega_3.1,interindividual clearance-Ka covariance
OMEGA3.2,cov_V_c  * K_a ~ Omega_3.2,interindividual volume-Ka covariance
OMEGA3.3,IIV_K_a  ~ Omega_3.3,interindividual variability of Ka
SIGMA1.1,err_prop ~ Sigma_1.1,proportional error
SIGMA2.2,err_add ~ Sigma_2.2,additive error
